ifls lbdf ppfo ehqz



I'm Christopher Hoole, a senior Google Ads specialist with 16 years of experience. 

I've developed a proprietary AI engine called A.C.T. (Ads Control Tower) to manage Google Ads accounts with precision and data-driven insights. 

My approach combines my expertise with A.C.T.'s AI-powered recommendations, providing a systematic and explainable approach to Google Ads management. 

I work with a maximum of four clients to ensure personalized attention and a high level of service. 

I specialize in Google Ads and offer a unique blend of human expertise and AI-driven optimization.



Unlock the true potential of your Google Ads with Christopher Hoole! 

With 16 years of experience and a proprietary AI engine, he's not just a digital marketing consultant; he's a strategic partner. 

Tired of random tweaks and opaque results? 
Christopher's data-driven approach, using his AI engine, provides explainable recommendations and full accountability. 

He transforms your marketing efforts, ensuring every campaign is a success story. 

Experience the power of AI-driven precision and see your business soar. 
Don't just advertise; dominate the digital landscape with Christopher Hoole!




I'm Christopher Hoole, a senior Google Ads specialist with 16 years of experience. 

I've developed a proprietary AI engine called A.C.T. (Ads Control Tower) to manage Google Ads accounts with precision and data-driven insights. 

My approach combines my expertise with A.C.T.'s AI-powered recommendations, providing a systematic and explainable approach to Google Ads management. 

I work with a maximum of four clients to ensure personalized attention and a high level of service. 

I specialize in Google Ads and offer a unique blend of human expertise and AI-driven optimization.


Unlock the true potential of your Google Ads with Christopher Hoole! With 16 years of experience and a proprietary AI engine, he's not just a digital marketing consultant; he's a strategic partner. Tired of random tweaks and opaque results? Christopher's data-driven approach, using his AI engine, provides explainable recommendations and full accountability. He transforms your marketing efforts, ensuring every campaign is a success story. Experience the power of AI-driven precision and see your business soar. Don't just advertise; dominate the digital landscape with Christopher Hoole!



<!-- Google tag (gtag.js) -->
<script async src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/gtag/js?id=AW-17999377487"></script>
<script>
  window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];
  function gtag(){dataLayer.push(arguments);}
  gtag('js', new Date());

  gtag('config', 'AW-17999377487');
</script>